Entity Template Documentation Updates (#682)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/content/entity-templates.md

> You have to create an `EntityTemplate` to specify which components a [SpatialOS entity]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#spatialos-entity) has and the initial values of those [components]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#spatialos-component). You have to also specify which workers have write access (also known as ”[authority]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#authority)” on a per-component basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to create an `EntityTemplate` to specify which components a [SpatialOS entity]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#spatialos-entity) has and the initial values of those [components]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#spatialos-component). You have to also specify which type of workers can have write access (also known as ”[authority]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#authority)”) on a per-component basis.
```
Small typo fix and clarification.

You use the `EntityTemplate` class.

There are examples of how to use this class below.

### Create component snapshots

> For each [schema component]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schema) you define, the [code generator]({{urlRoot}}/content/code-generator) generates a struct which inherits from `ISpatialComponentSnapshot`. For example, for the following schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each [schema component]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#schema) you define, the [code generator]({{urlRoot}}/content/code-generator) creates a struct which inherits from `ISpatialComponentSnapshot`, the generated [snapshot struct]({{urlRoot}}/content/ecs/component-generation#overview). For example, for the following schema:
```
Added a link to where you can find info on `ISpatialComponentSnapshot`. As it's not entirely clear.

The code generator creates:

```csharp
public partial class Health
{
    public struct Snapshot
    {
        int CurrentHealth;
    }
}
```

The following code snippet shows an example of how to define an `EntityTemplate`. You can use this `EntityTemplate` to spawn a SpatialOS `creature` entity via either the [MonoBehaviour world commands]({{urlRoot}}/content/gameobject/world-commands) or [ECS world commands]({{urlRoot}}/content/ecs/world-commands), depending on your [workflow]({{urlRoot}}/content/intro-workflows-spatialos-entities).

**Example**<br/>
Example defining a template for a SpatialOS entity `creature`.

```csharp
public static class CreatureTemplate
{

    public static EntityTemplate CreateCreatureEntityTemplate(Coordinates coords)
    {
        var entityTemplate = new EntityTemplate();

        entityTemplate.AddComponent(new Position.Snapshot { Coords = coords }, "UnityGameLogic");
        entityTemplate.AddComponent(new Metadata.Snapshot { EntityType = "Creature"}, "UnityGameLogic");
        entityTemplate.AddComponent(new Persistence.Snapshot(), "UnityGameLogic");
        entityTemplate.AddComponent(new Health.Snapshot { CurrentHealth = 100 }, "UnityGameLogic");

>         entityTemplate.SetReadAccess("UnityGameLogic", "UnityClient");

Reviewer 2: do we need to set write access as well?
